# THREE CARD POKER SIMULATOR USING PYTHON
# By Edward Fine, United States, Oregon, Wilsonville
#### Video Demo : <https://youtu.be/Nc1UW89zuAg>
#### Description :
Starting with $10,000 you can play a simply game of 3 card poker against the computer. I got the idea from having made a game of blackjack in an old high school class in javascript, but wanted to make it different. Three card poker isn't as common as some other card games played in casinos or for fun so I implemented a lot of assistance inside the program. Including rules, hand types, and betting rules. I had trouble deciding test functions for the test_project.py but got some of the backbone quintessential functions to test and demonstrate. The ones I chose are all used multiple times and are the main working parts of the program. I wanted to add the get_bet to test, but it mostly just gets the input and outputs it so I found it unnecessary to test.
In order to accomplish this I made a class Hand to help. Hand contains most functions dealing with the cards, including checking the player and dealer's hand for straights, flushes and pairs, as well as creating the system to "Value" a hand. I have a simple shuffle command which just reinitiates the deck, because in the deal_3 command, that's where the random functionality picks 3 random cards, and removes them from deck, which is why shuffle is important for repeated play. Finally I have a way to check user input and assign it to the right task like displaying a menu or playing the game.
I was never really comfortable with object oriented programming so I wanted to try an make my project circle around object oriented programming, because I was uncomforatble with the concept. By the end, I understood a lot more of object oriented programming. I originally had the check hand functions being normal functions, but kept having compatability issues. Thinking about it, both the dealer and player would have to check their hands, so it would make more sense to make it a class method. Finally I moved it around and got it working one by one. It helped to write some comments to give myself the outline and idea of how to steer the function. Finally I had a whole debacle at the end because the balance wastn't updating at the end because I forgot to have it update at all, so I had to piece returns and change around the main but it worked out.
