# Personal Finance Manager
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/Qju8l_hHTDY
#### Description:
A simple finance manager that allows users to input the expense name and cost of the item, then all up all expenses and display a total expense while also remembering individual expenses. Using this, the user can notice patterns in expenses and aim to limit certain things, just like writing out a checkbook would back in the day. By writing out each expense, the user will have a better understanding of where their money is going and how to better save.

There's only one file written for this project, finance-manager.c, and in this file we can find 3 different helper functions and a main function as well as a new struct for Expenses. Each expense has a string for the name and a double for the cost. In the main function we create a list of expenses with the size of MAX_EXPENSES, which in our case is 100, since spending more than 100 times in a month is a little extreme and it's a nice round number. The program gets the user input with get_int and does a switch case for the different actions. If the input is one, then it calls on the addExpense function to prompt the user with get_string for them to give the name of the expense, then with get_double the cost of the expense and adds that to list of total expenses and increments the live counter of expenses by one. If the user inputs 2, the program will call the printExpenses function that will loop through the expenses array and print the name and price. If the user inputs 3, then the program will calulate the total expenses with a for loop and display that to the user. Finally if the user inputs 4 then it ends the program. Lastly, if the user inputs any other number is reads it as invalid and reprompts the user.

While this project is simple, it is the backbones of what more can come from it. Some additional features could be adding catagories to the expenses and sorting them from the catagories to better define where the user is spending the money. The program itself could analyize what are some possible expenses that could be cut down based on income. Finally, the program could be optimized as a sort of, linked list that points to another to avoid having a hard limit on expenses. This finance manager could just be the ground work of something so much larger.

I decided to take the challenge to write in C because it seems like a very unique language in this day and age. Most programs widely used programs, if not all, have adapted to be more simple, not have to compile before running, and overall a better developer experiance. Even though languages like python are much easier to operatem most popular languages are derivatives of C, including python, javascript, PHP or the C variants. However, C is an important language to learn in very niche cases. Mainly if you were to design computer hardware, and want to say optimize RAM. Only C will be close enough to the computer's hardware to actually have an impact on it.
